Support native sim audio drivers (#106976)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/native/native_sim/doc/index.rst

      (eg. USB to UART dongles). For more information refer to the section
      `TTY UART`_.

**Digital microphone (DMIC)**
  A file-backed DMIC driver is available for native_sim. It reads PCM sample
  data from a binary file on the host file system and presents it through the
  Zephyr DMIC API, which is useful for testing audio capture pipelines.

  By default the input file path is taken from
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AUDIO_DMIC_NATIVE_SIM_FILE_PATH`. The location of
  this file can be changed through the command line parameter ``--dmic``, which
  overrides the configured Kconfig value.

**Inter-IC sound (I2S)**
  A file-backed I2S driver is available for native_sim. It can be configured
  for RX, TX, or both directions, and it reads or writes PCM sample data from
  or to files on the host file system through the Zephyr I2S API. This is
  useful for testing stream handling and loopback scenarios.

  By default the RX and TX file paths are taken from
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_I2S_NATIVE_SIM_RX_FILE_PATH` and
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_I2S_NATIVE_SIM_TX_FILE_PATH`. These file locations

>   can be changed through the command line parameters ``--i2s_rx`` and

Reviewer: As we can have multi instances of these drivers (and we do by default), shouldn't we have independent command line options for each instance?

      (eg. USB to UART dongles). For more information refer to the section
      `TTY UART`_.

**Digital microphone (DMIC)**
  A file-backed DMIC driver is available for native_sim. It reads PCM sample
  data from a binary file on the host file system and presents it through the
  Zephyr DMIC API, which is useful for testing audio capture pipelines.

  By default the input file path is taken from
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_AUDIO_DMIC_NATIVE_SIM_FILE_PATH`. Each DMIC instance
  exposes its own command line override in the form
  ``--<device>_file=<path>``. For the default native_sim instance this is
  ``--dmic0_file=<path>``.

  If the configured host input file does not exist, the driver prints a warning

>   from the native simulator runner side and provides silence instead of failing
>   configuration.

Reviewer: Minor: Maybe a bit better?
```suggestion
  from the native simulator runner side and provides zeroes (silence).
```

**Inter-IC sound (I2S)**
  A file-backed I2S driver is available for native_sim. It can be configured
  for RX, TX, or both directions, and it reads or writes PCM sample data from
  or to files on the host file system through the Zephyr I2S API. This is
  useful for testing stream handling and loopback scenarios.

  By default the RX and TX file paths are taken from
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_I2S_NATIVE_SIM_RX_FILE_PATH` and
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_I2S_NATIVE_SIM_TX_FILE_PATH`. Each I2S instance
  exposes its own command line overrides in the form
  ``--<device>_rx=<path>`` and ``--<device>_tx=<path>``. For example, the
  default bidirectional native_sim instance uses ``--i2s_rxtx_rx=<path>`` and
  ``--i2s_rxtx_tx=<path>``.

  If an RX input file does not exist, the driver prints a warning from the

>   native simulator runner side and feeds silence until a valid input file is
>   configured.

Reviewer: Minor: Maybe better?
```suggestion
  native simulator runner side and feeds zeroes (silence).
```
